okay we're all set to go nowhere
I am sentencing you three months house
arrest mr. Brecht green means you're
good during the safe zone red light
flashes you got ten seconds to get back
to green or else run I got something to
show you it's reality without the TV who
is she mrs. Pilcher every Thursday she
goes to the country club hue mr. pills
coming back from work there's a maid
Marley where's the coffee and doughnuts
you can't have a stakeout without coffee
and doughnuts oh that's creepy would you
see red smears what no only in disturbia
thank you for an interesting night yes
this is as far as you go
how many other perfect little houses
hide really twisted secrets
[Music]
the man has been kidnapping and killing
people all right that's it
come on the miracle they didn't just
take you away no one believes me I know
what I saw when this house was first
built this main house and the garage
weren't connected what would he need
that for visual coming your way he's
hiding something we know that and he
knows that we know that oh my god
Ronnie we need to see what's in this
garage there's something seriously
messed up here
[Music]
[Applause]
you're not the only one is watching
you